Merge release/dev17.0-vs-deps to main (#55030)
dotnet/roslyn: docs/wiki/Diagnosing-Project-System-Build-Errors.md

3. If you're using Visual Studio 2015 Update 2 or later, look for warning IDE0006 in the error list:
    ![IDE0006 error example](images/design-time-build-errors/ide0006.png)

## How do I get log files to diagnose what is happening in Visual Studio 2022?

> 1. Install the [Project System Tools Extension from the Visual Studio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=VisualStudioProductTeam.ProjectSystemTools)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the [Project System Tools 2022 Extension from the Visual Studio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=VisualStudioProductTeam.ProjectSystemTools2022)
```
